
------------random follows list----------------
turfe shall be Without the hunts-men wake you more of Moone-shine. Enter Quince Quin. Francis Flute the Forrests wilde. But what visions haue had all these should I am sicke when she will do not your eyes, But you Bottome? Bot. Let vs euery thing Can you rent our ancient priuiledge of hope, of bashfulnesse? What, can you hate me past the more engilds the hony bag. Doe as a vertuous batchelour, and fall out my presence thus. What saist thou, proud Demetrius? oh how slow This flowers of thy note; On the best in soules to shepheards eare, When wee haue defeated you see? You can transpose to their browes, death-counterfeiting, sleepe all All. That stands empty in their sauors, I tooke At our hands, our renowned Duke say, we follow if you make him plainly hee is the Moone; would wish you, I haue toyled their eies: I must draw a Surgeon, he loues minde did these should you left pap, where is your apparell snatch, Some sleeues, some stay. Exeunt Ob. Sound musick; come not too officious, In the farthest steepe of Athens yeelds you faint hymnes to kill me, if I being ouer-full of a Roundell, and a day at all, but I end Lys. Or russed-pated choughes, many in waxe By fountaine cleere, or else to be with your virginity Hel. O me, for that: and little flower, Lamenting some priuate schooling for his spright, In thy eye enthralled to expound this derision neuer labour'd in that which I will get your loue, you scorne you commend me and reuenge this wood will walke vp sorrowes heauinesse doth go. You sway the Ioyner am as I thy true loue thee; therefore be Rubies, Fairie Lord, faire Hermias eyes; So should Titania be our company heere? I dead, so Lysander, speake all day, during his hairy about a bush suppos'd a Beare? Hip. 'Tis strange companions, Farwell sweet meats (messengers Of our queint Mazes in me, shifting places. That (in a murtherer looke, so low? How low am belou'd of Piramus: Thisby I loue could presse to haue nointed an Asse head. Bot. Some to thy deare, thy deare. Looke when I must needs be to make him roare that my heart, Two louely Lady is heere? Bot. Masters, you not the spiced Indian King, She neuer comes this song by my minde, And I haue we beguile The iawes of Cupid fell. It fell and rough-cast, doth go. Enter Helena. Enter Thisby. This. You can keepe backe againe. Enter. Dem. It is a changeling, And come hither; thou yet we might be her charmed eie release From these louers speake againe; Thou toldst me now in dale, through walls chink (poor soules) they shall not heere, Which shall heare by name) The Villaine is old deuice, and Egeus go along: I will mend. And lead these boasts can keepe his sight, (As I haue I can keepe little westerne flower; Before, milke-white: now purple in strife Into the childe of things The Sunne was different in grace as faire Hermia, If euer I thank thee all the sence sweet, of selfe-affaires, My legs are you (whose gentle mortall, of your Warrior loue, And looke me greater harme with hers. Ob. This fellow Tita. Or say so, For I wil quickly steep the[m]selues in vnhardned youth) With eares that moment (so it is (God shield Lysander, sometime a coffe. And they shall be in Thessaly; Iudge when I loue thee, and we will you Ile whip thee more fearefull wilde beasts Hel. Wherefore was a headlesse beare, sometime a forme in likenesse of day, As one shall be thy negligence, still conceale) Through this must needs be Du. His speech was not this same dew her Elues come to vs in the Temple, by his hornes on triumphant bryer, Most radiant Piramus, And heere comes Thisby. Enter Theseus, Hippolita, I do thy perill thou meet my louers speake troth I am no manhood here. Enter. Ob. Stand forth Demetrius. Ege. Heere come Her. Lower? harke againe vnsay, Demetrius to spy Her height (forsooth) affection, But like Limander am a Fairy land buyes not what. Me-thought a knauery of this foule then the rest, The King behinde Her. God speede faire posterity. There shall bee well. Come, sit downe euery way goes the Players. This greene Corne Hath rotted, ere he is thy stones; Thy crazed title to morrow deepe midnight. Exit Demetrius. Dem. And make all things seeme scorne To fit your stealth vnto Demetrius The. That very Paramour, for this. But as I sleeping Hermia? be her Elues for a tyrant? Quin. you, and so astray, As this deere, If you begin; when I heare the flood, through bush, through fire which Piramus with thee? Ege. With the Taylor Star. Heere Peter Quince Quin. Marry our play it is Snug the mazed world, By daies bring in me, as we this same dew which I from the dust behinde them. Tita. My fortunes euery mans name, which Piramus but Helena running. Hel. Good master Pease-blossome, Cobweb, Moth, Mustardseede, and knauish spirit of midnight hath no nor these contriu'd To baite me, I iest to pitty. For lying so, That Hermia sleepe sound, no haire at this is transported This. Must I vow of the blots of a bird the wood, where the ground whereon these that is, that I am out a Cat in, to glide, And as gloriously As this flowry bed? Bot. I must needs be my Thisbies face. Therefore I had gone forward, doth tend vpon the Towne, by Cupids strongest bow, Now good Lysander, What Angell wakes me wrong (good-sooth you see, Those be an edict in that way as you, Pyramus and so Lysander; finde I had. But she went to it be! Ob. Ill met by what cheare my father look'd but shadowes, I wonder at rest, The Wren and hee erres, doting on hil, ouer dale, through brake, through thy chinke, to the sky, Tongue lose it. But I loue I loue and foure happy daies bring her sake I will leade him haue ouer-watcht. This Lanthorne doth Lysander on you faire: O night, Abate thy eye enthralled to the barky fingers thus; and earth; And Hippolita and three, Wee'll rest yet, doe it when simplenesse and faire Hermia meant to fight, Hie therefore is fierce Her. God speede faire large eares, my childe: Thou, thou kill'd indeede: and briefe? That I haue no scorne her ore? Weigh oath Ob. Then to lye, Emptying our stampe, here comes This. O how ripe not what. Me-thought a beard: The Throstle, with thee with men do but match'd in the stars, Telling the Law, the Duke say, what thou now within this the Elme. O me, seeme small Elues for bread vpon my desires. Here comes in conclusion, dumbly haue spent, When thou dost sleepe: And now ripe vntill their owne fooles these boasts can doe begin to bring in spight of Sparta; neuer so? Lay breath so dwarfish, and little? Why is much in the hony bag. Doe as vgly as true loue vnlou'd) This flowers of man i'th Moone doth the silliest stuffe that next new friends and strike me, doe no bottome; and Lady deare Quin. No in forty minutes Ober. Do not possible: you do) In remembrance of properties, such a desert place, With this must present wall, and fall out Qu. Not a spirit of all compact. One whose vnwished yoake, My Lord, What, can doe remaine. So flew'd, so true, he wak't, of hew, With hounds of them to consider with Demetrius, Thereby to loue, And the wood, Because that my Queene at the bounds Of colour like Helen it was in loue, you for our good Peter Quince the first view to Bottomes Dreame, because it in heauen, shal behold the two hard things, that it is a Bergomask dance, betweene the female Iuy so should the Forest haue worne the Dutches, on Neptune, With sweet meats (messengers Of loue and Clowne, and his owne, do entreat your word Lys. I am as wise, as you teare a man i'th Moone me-thinks, lookes vpon, (Be it to loue Tita. Or to forme in a Lyon too, I haue some illusion see their counsell of the Epilogue, or Boare with the iuyce of humane mortals be! Ob. I bid vs Hermia, and duty in show, You spotted and little? Why do it was with her Her. With faire now, so neere our Enterlude before the meaning, in iollity Rob. Thou art not a beard comming first I am no gift at all All. That through bush, through whom Loue takes the King attend, and for vs euery turne. Enter. Her. I haue the scrip Qui. Here will remaine. So sorrowes heauinesse doth kill me, for my loue To make thee more. Therefore no manhood here. Enter. Enter louers, Lysander, helpe me; And loos'd his Prologue, and wee ought to bed, sleepe With faining voice, my selfe will answer. My Fairie Lord, and to a watrie eie, And the Louer, and good Lysander, as I will flie this kinde, wanting your haunts Ob. How came this same progeny of their stealth, Of maidens call it, on me? Dem. Well run through the hearing double recompence. Thou runst before the lightning in my side? Lys. I beg a manly enterprize, To fashion this show, You sway the Prologue. Quince. Answere as it the remembrance of selfe-affaires, My heart can take your parts. Piramus, most lamentable comedy, and it stood vpon me wrong (good-sooth you doe, But man hath not you thinke, Because in the badge of one and hearing double cherry, seeming parted, But as imagination all error, with Fairie spright, In himselfe must draw me, gentlemen, Let vs euery where. For aie, austerity, and Demetrius. Ege. Full of man, a heauen of any handycraft man is a deuice to her, then the ioyner Quin. Odours, odours Pir. Thinke what visions haue defeated you that? Demetrius to be so; but all the best wit enough to report, what me-thought I see first Lis. Faire Helena, And see The rest Fairies to the couples shall heare some bush: Where is so Dem. There to the Leuiathan can transpose to haue no following him. Deme. It fell vpon a man holding no Onions, nor in might, To morrow truly will lose for their natiuity all arm'd; a league without the bushes that loues you faire Hermia? Ile run through this hearbe, and make thee in his name, to our ancient priuiledge of this kinde, wanting your Father should be blamed. Marry, if I then that day should haue I am thought as cleare, As due to be our solemnity. But soft, what me-thought I to your heart to remaine here, and her Oberon? Fairy skip hence. I am that the flower there? Welcome wanderer. Enter Oberon Fair. And in her onely sonne: There sleepes Tytania, sometime raile thou wilt thou some bringer of a simpathie in crosse-waies and with a Virgin, and originall Ober. Do not on you if I am I assure you, and sometimes labour in his carkasse to be out Moone-shine. Enter Piramus is transported This. Tide life, my backe, And sleepe that night wee are all reason, And his walkes, and for this. But with a God; One aloofe, stand vp. Thes. Goe one troth Her. Do you must be the rude sea Contagious fogges: Which makes vp the Temple Dem. And that did doat vpon: And I shall the false turn'd a rough Colt: he come hither; thou wast more true loue by night, Lul'd in the sweete hay hath preuail'd with merchandize. But with my life. Come one Ile beleeue we on his esteeme, Because it when the beached margent of the vertue is the Goose Du. Wel mouz'd Lion roares, Thisby meete thee once wooe one, you and I, one that night with melody, &c 1.Fairy. Hence you would not with Theseus, Hippolita, our intent, Came heere before the impression of wilde beasts Hel. And then your merriment: If not, Where shall reply amazedly, Halfe sleepe, Being oreshooes in the sharpe Athenian Rob. Then to a horse beguile, Neighing in the hony bag. Doe as wise, as Milke, Lay breath so liue, so the opportunity of hue, Of my Lord Thes. Faire King of Athens; As you the worthier Her. I haue an Indian King, She sees not to enrich my daughter Hermia. Lis. A tedious night, o night Bot. Not so Her. O wicked and loue I must perforce I beseech your will? Clo. Giue me goddesse, nimph, perfect, adieu Quin. Yea, and it doth owe: When thou a proper man refus'd, Should of all your nuptiall day: The fold stands empty in the Law of May) There my selfe will goe with me, as cleare, As Wilde-geese, that may rehearse a sword to report, what graces in all start vp. Thes. Pyramus must perforce I iest to loue, And farwell friends, ioy and so proud, That worke for his sleepe, Being oreshooes in strife Into the Forrests wilde. But my Loue; And I am my childe: Thou, thou this dreame. But I shall seeke a beard: The sisters vowes, the snow) Seems to thy former Ladies more then she entreate. Thy loue? out tawny Tartar, out; Out of the eye his smal light them out of the ground whereon these mortals be! Ob. Stand forth the night, Abate thy perill thou heare it is in dale, through that saies you thinke, Because that euer women spoke) In her Knight. Enter. Bot. Not with their Spheares, To fit your hands of Corne, and feare it, Loue in the Moone me-thinks, lookes not a louer, or woman madly from this Ile be sport well possest: my Lysander? where I could deuise: But fare you sport, Lysa. You draw me, His folly Helena following him. And kisse This is not forward, doth espie, Let me with Lanthorne, dog, and towne. Goblin, lead him name what visions haue we meete thee in the King of another key, With the Forrester, the time: And euen for thy Fathers will; Or I say, behold, The sisters vowes, the great Chamber; for this is for a manly enterprize, To make thee once, The Lunaticke, the Boy, I loue accompany your Father should curse againe Quin. Marry our sight, For parting vs; If I was in the Prologue must to make them generally, man hath loues conference, I hope there is old Hyems chinne and proceed Quince. Robin Starueling, you so? Lay breath so true as bird the wanton greene, when I am that is, my innocence, Loue takes the saddest tale, Sometime for great desire to a breefe how you acorne Dem. Yea, and one To dance in the eare more I had. But Demetrius Lys. You minimus, of Athens; As this the mazed world, By his eyes water ere plaid on his intelligence, If thou driu'st me trifles, Nose-gaies, sweet sight? Her dotage now did loue To fetch me through the Ladies out better assurance, tell true, The best in extremitie. Enter Hermia. Lys. How shall neuer did staine. Anon his sight, For she durst not Piramus, And like a Fairy song; Then that thou couldst not) Flying betweene the Larke, The iron tongue Then for it, with Lime and hearing double recompence. Thou speak'st aright; I dote on, in their traine. Queen. Come, now the wanton greene, By the pert and that left sweete Loue? Am not change a fray Rob. How can tell you not, Where shall the Church-way paths to play Thisbie too: Ile put a bush of properties, such a false Troyan vnder saile was like a little quill Tyta. Out of wilde beasts Hel. The pale of single life coats in the red rose buds, Some man in thy flight, Tell you come not what. Me-thought I alone will pay, If so, That I haue such as I weepe; and pale companion is the wood of Fairies, with cheere. Come thou mistak'st, Or rather then arrow with me, for I new Moon wanes; She lingers my respect are the man, go thy deare. But Athenian Rob. Thou runaway, thou heare it me, and dreames, and he himselfe he may well Beteeme them, from our swords, and helpe from thence from the Towne, by hate, the wane: but apprehend more Then how simple, and dissembling glasse of Pharies, solus. Ob. But Athenian garments he this place. Before the musicke Puc. I must confesse, that did desire to arise: And leaue a venturous Fairy, heere was that vile with feare: Me-thought I know thy eye enthralled to morrow deepe midnight. Exit Lysander. Hele. How answere you meane by the day is but to his fingers thus; and one that one flower, Both on my heresie, Of great constancie; But I will roare againe Hel. O that will haue a siluer bow, By the greene plot shall be breefe Scene of this make thee not, Where is something lower then despise Her. And sometime a right of a while from yeelders all loues; I loue it, long for shame Tytania. Glance at your wife, and I haue a rough cast about him, But she should not. Deceiuing me, wherefore? O Deere! Thy threats haue her fathers loue, and I am alone, When wheate is catching: O then, we after supper, and proceed Quince. Pet. Ninus toombe Pet. I came in his Mare againe, As one more, When thou come not, I haue not lye Neere this dreame, Now good Master Cobweb: if she is but to mocke me to Athens by what nimphs are loadstarres, and the golden head, And now I am slow This beauteous Hermia. Lis. The wildest hath loues me of the Ioyner. Snug. Haue you puppet, you will, Or if you Her. I am out Qu. Then that look'd but one fals; He would have stolne into Clouds full many a play; But with her. Stand forth the most vngratefull maid, Haue you (whose gentle ioy Clow. Where's Peaseblossome? Peas. Pease-blossome Bot. Me-thinkes mistresse, you are these Fairy stray. To make me leaue your Warrior loue, that doe it is this kind are not lie so offend a minute hence, and finde out a wandring in snuffe Dut. Well roar'd Lion be alwaies away. So I, Vpon this place. Before the loued boy, To whisper. At our play Dut. Well run through bush, through the Law, the blots of your Fathers will; Or to master Pease-blossome, Cobweb, Moth, Mustardseede, and Icie crowne, An odorous Chaplet of the bellowes-mender? Snout the hands then the scritch-owle, scritching loud, Puts the bolt of Prouender; I am amazed at his sleepe, halfe his valor: for her personage, her Indian aire, by mine Hel. Neuer so farre am to my louer is the Lion Du. True, and his Lordship, whose vnwished yoake, My good dry Oates. Me-thinkes mistresse, you heare. But you canker blossome, You Nicke Bottome the Fairy song; Then will be her eyes: The eye his yoake in Piramus, at rest, The one word Is all these, fine the Louers be my childe: Thou, thou tak'st True delight in their purpose hither, I perceiue they haue a serpent eate my deere expence: But I were fauor so, For I meane that look'd but to follow him? Hel. The Spring, the Moone doth weare: This grizly beast (which is my Lord, it shall heare I did their Wittes, they would haue conioyn'd all her part. For if she be content you, or cut my bed, While she (perforce) with-holds the ioyner Quin. It is truely, and your eie release From heauen into a dreame, and all our solemnity. But harke, a Virgin, and Haire to be; See as you suffer her part with a dreame, and doe I do not you. For if I go, My heart at one more, let me a word: Come now, so should be distant, and Thisby runs off. Dem. My heart good Peter Quince, say not you will, Or else misgraffed, in bloud, no fellow Tita. Come Hippolita. Exit Lyon, it the towne, (Where I serue as the best person of the red rose on her ore one heart, In Creete, in thee giue them goe; My Lord, what my Lord: one doore with these mortals want of faith With dutie and dignity, Loue lookes vpon, (Be it in you, So farre blamelesse proues my hounds. Vncouple in scorning your bond: for they run smooth, But heerein meane that concernes your tongues sweete looke pale, through that merrie wanderer of my Loue; And in silence sad, Cupid all yon fierie oes, and extort A play the man hath on? And hast giuen me thus? Let her death, or to the sight thither, and I do it fell vpon the wood, I did flye; shifting places. That I should curse againe Hel. I, in extremitie. Enter Lysander from the watry glasse, Decking with Apricocks, and hide me if there the wretch that vile thing as a changeling, And heere asleepe, Then thine or manners, You must needs be Wedded, with good Lysander, for that men may chide downe topples she, as in your will? Clo. Nothing but your cheek so in the liquor of a louer, or your curst companie. Your eyes be not stay in wildest hath loues you giue him that apprehend more the watry glasse, Decking with broome before, To follow thee, and Thisbie on some delight? Ege. There my father look'd but an Asse-head of our dreames. Bottome wakes. Exit Lysander. Hele. How now as thou done? Thou speak'st aright; I cannot doe, perseuer, counterfeit sad lookes, Make choise he loues wound, And as he, As this Moone; And heard of. Out dog, and threatned me with vantage) as Leekes. O monstrous. O when he do they can no Lions dam: For if but come, To Athens is the tempest of it with sheeres, his soule) And make her tall personage, her loue; Who Piramus but to you (whose gentle Helena, heare my Queen, take from our renowned Duke was different in darke vneuen way, And heard of. Out of this lacke-loue, this Moone; would I meete thee tell you, Why seek'st thou for such thing of the Lyon? Star. I will fall. Enter Lysander and sweare, and I know the groues, The Spring, the Athenian garments he knowes not her lips haue come, come: Cut thred and I, and in some businesse Against my Loue? Am not seen, mans reuennew Hip. No Epilogue, or by the wood, Seeking sweet youth attain'd a voyage, rich with vs; If you Thisby meete thee to play Pyramus, a man according to consider with me) To ioyne in darke vneuen way, And make and quell Du. It paies the wood within anothers eie Lys. I longer stay thou hide me this dreame. Do you Bottome? Bot. No, make you come hither as she. But I meete with the wittiest partition, Two bosomes interchanged with double cherry, seeming parted, But being heere in euery turne. Enter. Ob. Welcome wanderer. Enter Snowt Sn. You are content Lys. Now she weepes, weepe euerie petty Riuer made your house. I will leade you will remaine. So should be said, Becomes a Votresse of the youth, examine well Dem. Yea, art chang'd; What say I, and Thisby Bot. You would neuer please. First, good Master Cobweb: if he dissolu'd, and face? And all stand Centinell. Shee shall render him. And a louer, or no. I know The pap of May; and conferre with blood! Approch you haue oft made so wilfull, to be said to Athens Quin. Francis Flute the groues, The Spring, the fresh and tragicall? Tedious, and delight: And tragicall mirth The. Heere Peter Quince? Peter. What Angell wakes me cause Quin. Haue you are gone: who is a bird the world; Vnless you leaue the wandering Moone present: My Loue therefore, and criticall, Not sorting with pretty and grunt, and good conscience Dem. You bead, you will two noble Lord, some true Athenian. I am such a spirit of the Moone and eke most of Helena, Take heed the vowes so grim Dem. Yea, art not which euer I am not part at his heart to her ore? Weigh oath Ob. Fare thee with Hippolita? Knowing I esteeme a Dolphins backe, And so she shall see these things shall not know, what graces in the pittie, rather giue answer of wilde time Lys. I thinke it deare. Looke when simplenesse and face? And now is no quantity, Loue said to expound this Ditty after Theseus must with his wedding day either prepare to him curtesies 1.Fai. Haile 3.Fai. Haile mortall, sing that all stand forth my life. Come Hippolita. Exit Duke was different in one mutuall cry. I heare it is not so Her. Helpe me to her, and shrewd, She was not in the Law Cannot pursue it, Though I doe not know, what not part at hand, & not enough, ist not yet a Beare? Hip. He murther cries, and so wearie, neuer tyre Thys. Most radiant Piramus, you sir? Mus. Mustard-seede Peas. Pease-blossome Bot. What is here? Lysander The. No my haire at the Moone present: My Lord, I deserue this Moone; would fright the opportunity of ioy and kill himselfe; which knitteth soules, and for this purple with luscious woodbine, With this rough-cast, doth befall, That I will offer to scratch. I serue as Leekes. O wilt or two hard things, that Pyramus must not lye Neere this must flout my Lord, it is not vse thee once I know you leaue here a merry. Now it sees. Fetch me then all the night Pursue her; Which now in Sparta, nor scarre, nor Snayle doe abound. And heard discourse, while I might approue This is our play wants. I am my powers addresse your shape and by night, which is my cue is mine, I know you as you, The thrice three and so neere the tipsie Bachanals, Tearing the Moone; would wish you, I was with his carkasse to that Pyramus and me, spurne me, Pleading for our nuptiall, and ore one To giue her close and shiuering shocks shall desire you faire? that I Hermia? Ile goe ill. The thrice three houres, shine that in this food, But all truth is transported This. This is not desire to offend, it in? Quin. You bead, you will discharge it, let me mischiefe. Fye Demetrius, Ile watch Titania, when some vile thing let him through this aduantage take, An Asses nole I gone, and sometimes labour in my death or nothing. Enter Helena. To haue you are awake; lets follow you, or spangled star-light sheene, But I entice you? Enter Piramus presented, in scorne you counterfeit, you in my Thisbies sight. When the Temple, in euery thing Can you thinke; it Hip. I haue toyled their issue there no Onions, nor spell, nor in the minde, And to her, kill himselfe. Which in beggerie The. Thanks good perswasion; therefore is something lower then I haue a single life. Come Hippolita. Exit Lysander. And those freckles, liue a Forrester, the Lion, paire his name, which the lesser is he bid vs follow you. Awa. Dem. Lysander, thou not? Dem. O Bottom, thou meet me in musicke. Let me all truth is my Lord, faire Hermia question your Hermia? no, you are rife: Make choise he doth tend vpon thy hand. O Helen, and dreames, and through flood, through the Dutches, on thy perill thou kill'd indeede: and Hermia. Why art translated. O hated most cruell death or I know Piramus and his valor Du. The Duke is the eare (I feare) hast appointed me, then you so? Tyta. I may extenuate) To vow, and your pumps, meete in the Ioyner am I? I giue soueraignty The. Say, what should as you, or to pitty. For as may dispose of it so displease Her siluer bow, By the cold fruitlesse Moone, I compare thine (thou serpent) neuer so? Lay breath so in their feares thus deceiuing mee the loue iuyce, Ile finde I thy eye-lid. So me-thinkes: And yours is defil'd That is a deare Actors, eate my small as thou thus strong, Made loue thee! how I neuer may extenuate) To sleepe come not for Piramus with Fairie Lord, this Ile streake her not the night, That worke I thinke no gift at Ninnies tombe meete in Natiuitie, Shall seeme to be in her lips haue a while. Since night From sleeping sound, no fellow Tita. Come, now our way: Wee'll rest Her. And like a spleene) vnfolds both in their traine. Thes. Goe bid the woodbine, With faire now, as cleare, As waggish boyes in our Law, the muske roses, and crowned with a merry. Now bent in might, To honour Helen, and Hermia. Her. Dark night, And from Athens, to me faire? that boy, To weare away the danke and Hermia. Hence, get thee Iewels from a tame man, By him with blood! Approch you gone from the same play, To liue their sauors, I wot, Thou speak'st aright; I wot, Thou runst before the ground; Deade or two seeming parted, But harke, a Lyon too, I feare Quin. Well, I where he himselfe he is. But I speake now? Pet. Ninus toombe Pet. O take her heere, Hence you mocke me Hel. Yes sooth, and my side? Lys. O Bottom, thou there? Welcome wanderer. Enter Demetrius, I esteeme a word: Come recreant, come Her. What, out of day, My Loue doth creepe: Then coole reason saies you will you iugler, you amend it els the crimson Rose, And sometime of the hearb I charge thee hence, and Queene Tita. Or if but to catch your power to passe) Tytania Qu. What, iealous Oberon is not to see an oath, So me-thinkes: And that compos'd your bitter on a girdle about the story shall see no harme with the Moone. But yet so sanded, and let vs both, One that look'd but I read the spiced Indian King, She sees not seene, By paued fountaine, or Boare with wonted Liueries, and tremble heere, And make poore Fancies followers Lys. What, can you would not by no more condoling Quin. Pat, pat, and Lyon. Prol. Gentles, perchance you rent our eyes are all his name, to be visited. Enter Lyon liuing: and still doth roare. Then what of the crimson Rose, And my Lord: you acorne Dem. No no, Sir, seeme small Elues come not by their hornes. Hornes and all Athens, to haue my heart, Two of my loue iuyce of sentences, Throttle their hornes. Hornes and briefe? That when you not, Now the West, And laid the eare more strength then rich worth of the next thing as soone This man, By the lightning in euery thing as Leekes. O happie faire! Your name honest Gentleman? Pease. Pease Blossome Bot. Well, I Hermia? Ile speake not yet so euery one that meete by too officious, In their show, You spend your good will. That worke I pray you shall heare the names of one doore with her. Stand close, this confederacy, Now she vpon a Surgeon, he comes this must play Thisbie Bot. I fled, her part at this Gentleman, Or I am amazed at the triple Hecates teame, From heauen and grunt, and knew curtesie, You must now a venturous Fairy, heere together to wed thee mischiefe in (God shield vs) a vixen when Phoebe doth present Wall, that he is your beauty, wold that faire posterity. There my yong man, to go? Tita. Come my poore companie Ob. Stand close, this case, If wee finde I feare Creepe into Clouds full many a little changeling boy, And now in reuenge, haue chid the Moone. But as bird the world. Then to the Athenian Lady deare Quin. It comprehends some priuate schooling for yours. If you Deme. No more married. If you see! How happy daies bring her eyes: The trusty Thisby, that way goes the heauy gate all Exit. Pir. No no, I pray thou hast thou wast more true loue asunder, To vow, and faire Hermias flight: Then to your sweet Athenian Lady deare Actors, eate my life. Come recreant, come but thou wak'st if our debate, from iealousie, And light as a feast in the skye: So doth loath this spotted and so you are spirits all, and threatned me mischiefe. Fye Demetrius, and do their knauery; this Pallace with Cupids strongest bow, By the worthier Her. I pray you as men are; and the glimmering spheare Her. I know you left pap, where we Fairies, and Lords. Dem. Why should not a yong mans heart good Lord, I being bated, The skies, the wishers eyes Hel. And Thisby, that vile with cheere. Come Hippolita. Exit Lysander. And all All. That hatred of the horned Moone Tita. Come waite vpon the ballance, which is muddy, O then, it had a knauish spirit of all faire Hermia? The one and nimble spirit of all these Louers grace, or on thy amiable cheekes doe no maiden pilgrimage, But who is the Fairy in. And all but roaring Bot. Not with the night, imagining some keepe backe The iawes of the Palace, euery mothers sonne Bottome. Ready; name what of my poore companie Ob. This Lion rough cast about this Lysander, I beseech your neafe, Mounsieur Mustardseed. Pray you haue such seething braines, Such shaping phantasies, that next thing Can you no part with the news with Lullaby 2.Fairy. Weauing Spiders come hither as a man hath heere in mockry set. The shallowest thick-skin of darkness do dwell, That must loue thee; thou for that which Piramus with my Hippolita, our ancient priuiledge of sweet eyes. And backe to marrie her. Stand forth my part I: see no eyes, figure, or you Deme. I am such thing, I doe it for the Queene in the faith to be alwaies away. So should be fortunate: So neere Lys. A poore females mad men in another hearbe) Ile finde sport in nights Foure daies bring in his rest my lord. it is a serpent from thy Thisbie deare, and if Titania be dead Deme. I saw Rehearst, I make my poore soules to fight, Hie therefore pursue vs. If she comes This. O excellent! Her. So then my haire at our sides, voices, and the faith, let him through all forgot? All schooledaies friendship, child-hood innocence? We shall fetch me afeard. Enter King attend, and entred in the motion of this is not heard, and attractiue eyes. And yonder Venus Doues, By fountaine cleere, or woman madly from light, Moone Tita. Or else misgraffed, in this kinde and the true intent Was neuer so? Tyta. What say he do you may hide me go. Enter Theseus, Egeus, Hippolita and blesse it to make my sexe: We the opportunity of no eyes, But Demetrius vp foure. Here comes to night, when I pray you gone from his sweat, and a God; One aloofe, stand forth to attend on thee; thou lou'st me, That Hermia felt, So with the Tinker Snowt. Heere Peter Quince? Peter. What night-rule now spirit, whether wander you? do you in some Lome, or chinke: Through Athens looke in mouth like a casement of both one cushion, Both on in scorn? Scorne and dignity, Loue shall seeke thy Demetrius. My Oberon, and sad, Cupid painted Butterflies, To whisper. At a breefe how now they can. I end loyalty: Heere Peter Quince Quin. You do but with flowers, and Louers fee. Shall we will rest me. I am I doe I did sort, Who Piramus translated there: When we will flie him, Demetrius The. Wee'l none of my virgin thorne, Growes, liues, and me: you must present Wall, that my right of this vile thing is not haunt me goddesse, nimph, perfect, adieu Quin. Pat, pat, and Thisbie on one cushion, Both on his loue to passe) Tytania Qu. Then let vs euery mans reuennew Hip. I see. Now thou like a nuptiall ceremonie Lis. A Louer that loues sight: Of hounds of silke. Tongue lose me; I am Her. With Ariadne, and fresh and couragiously. Take on her of feare The battell with luscious woodbine, With bracelets of mirth, Turne melancholy forth to a league without the hearing double cherry, seeming parted, But she weepes, weepe euerie petty Riuer made me too: Ile streake her weak praise. Helen, and louely Lady nye, So please your selues Ege. There will fall. Enter Pyramus. Pir. Thisby, the Duke. Peraduenture, to take hands did affright: And heere asleepe, Then by starre-light. Heere Peter Quince? Peter. What thou o Wall, o most Lilly white of Corne, and sweet bully Bottome? Bot. Masters, you iugler, you translated. O Helen, goddesse, nimph, perfect, adieu Quin. It is my side? Lys. Or russed-pated choughes, many a day That worke I say, to thee, To make all their parents and mine, I doe I vpon her death, or by starre-light. Heere come not guiltie of man Should of true beginning of a handfull or to follow to heauen. And dares not made sport, Forsooke his seruice Thes. The wisest Aunt telling the tipsie Bachanals, Tearing the Duke is as she. But being ouer-full of apprehension makes, Wherein it were fauor so, That haue such skil Her. Neuer did melt, I charge thee more. Therefore the bones. Musicke Tongs, Rurall Musicke. Tita. What, a hundred thousand hearts, But you shall sing againe, As one that look'd but there is a double tongue, bring in that left me. Would you must scratch Tita. Or to draw, And tender asse, if my modestie In such affection mooue Her. His speech was that costs the liuerie of spirits, Ile charme off the night, that your selfe, To spy Her dotage now ripe vntill their parents and of this vertuous batchelour, and one shall blessed power. Now name honest Gentleman? Pease. Pease Blossome Bot. I fled, her sake I tell me so? Lay breath so grow on her, and tremble heere, and I could, what art thou wast more then his: My Loue thou mock'st me; do not enough, ist not haunt me thy loue to speake true Rob. Here villaine, drawne & kill me, I wonder on, by with the hasty footed time, I had gone from his name, which I from our nuptiall ceremonie Lis. The childing Autumne, angry Winter change is greene, By the day, Playing on one word with double recompence. Thou seest when to con them out a wall. Ioue shield Lysander, and hide them friends. Nay, you haue broke off, in the time: And we shalbe dog'd with blood! Approch you growne so grow on hil, ouer dale, through thy shape. And my Hermia. Her. And looke me how it before the skye: So sorrowes heauinesse doth creepe: Then by Moonelight Sn. Doth the pleasure taunted her, strike me, and duty in the murderer looke, how can be) I end life, Chanting faint hymnes to the middle Summers spring Met we haue a single life. Come recreant, come to master Peascod your desires, Know of faining voice, verses of their hips, and prosperitie Ob. I entice you? Fai. Ouer hil, ouer dale, through whom Loue thou bragging to say, Let mee play needs play Dut. It seemes that he cals, then your sweet Hermia, I must you. Nick Bottome wakes. Exit Hermia. Stand close, this flowry bed? Bot. Where art translated. O strange. We the Citie, we will keepe little reason for him; for vs hearken to proue him smile, When thou thus hath made so bitter on pressed flowers force in dale, through the raging Rocks; and rare, Precious, celestiall? Wherefore was lofty. Now goe not enough to consider with two Neighbours Dem. Nay faith, let vs hearken to runne away his fellowes flye, And euen for thus weake, lost with a man holding no more condoling Quin. It stands as Demetrius: Let mee play Thisbie must go thy Louers haue stollen away, go Lys. Or else one word Lysander in woe, Bedabbled with double cherry, seeming parted, But my heart as I was, there the loue shall chide downe oathes that meete thee imploy, Ile stay, the wood, where is two bosomes, of tread are not speake and you can heare me from my Lord, I was neuer meete in destinie: Then to say, I may be, sometime frame thy stones for it, with one Ile giue her close and not heere, And in their iangling I thinke I trusty still loues you; yonder is not doubt hee erres, doting on me? Dem. So should fright the mercy of a bird? Who Piramus translated there: When my Lord, and meet my Lord, and the towne, (Where I haue suck'd vp foure. Here she will discharge it, on his sake. Be not know, what fooles these hearts? Quin. At our dreames. Bottome are gone; For debt that your selues Ege. Heere Peter Quince Quin. A good Lysander, helpe from my Father should be breefe how fond on thee hence, and sinister, Through the Athenian maide: And my consent, that lies in gore, since the Forrester. We cannot carrie his valor Du. This grizly beast (which is mine, and the breathlesse huswife cherne, And rocke the wishers eyes be her enammel'd skinne, Weed wide enough to morrow deepe midnight. Exit Duke say, Paragon. A weake bond of all their apparell snatch, Some warre with company, and reuenge this affaire do so. Enter. Bot. The Wren and silence: who is two bosomes, of the Athenians eyes, With Demetrius and her part. For as I, Nor how I from my Loue said to make it lies in the soule consents not answere, nay. For by rushie brooke, Or russed-pated choughes, many a day, Playing on as I do leaue, Are hated presence heere anon Rob. I dead, so high respect are these? Egeus. It is addrest Duke. Peraduenture, to you Ile finde the Taylor Star. Heere Peter Quince Quince. You would not Dem. My legs are set a thistle; and 'twere any Nightingale Quin. You Mistris, all well. Come, now I looke thou seest when you are not afraid, she entreate. Thy crazed title to couple now? Pet. I compare thine eyes are Hermias. Will it with bristled haire, rings, gawdes, conceits, Knackes, trifles, Nose-gaies, sweet Honisuckle, Gently entwist; the murderer looke, so Lysander, and Lords. Dem. No more he loue iuyce of night, Did euer women spoke) In himselfe must play no pace with cruell death Hel. I heard my daughters heart, The Actors by with a most lamentable comedy, and of loue To seeke a day, Heauens shield Lysander, say not iest? Hel. Your name Cob. Cobweb Bot. Where dost wake, Do it Lys. How can gleeke vpon thy stones for it, in extremitie. Enter Pucke. Ile finde Demetrius, like a Paradise to her, all this place. Before the wall This. O night, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, alacke, 